Fix path parameter encoding in File, File::Stat, IO, and Dir (#4348)
oracle/truffleruby: CHANGELOG.md

* Fix `FFI::DynamicLibrary.open` and raise `LoadError` instead of `RuntimeError` with adjusted message (#4345, @andrykonchin).
* Fix `Enumerator::Lazy#{drop,drop_while,take,uniq,zip}` when doing multiple enumerations (#4357, @earlopain).
* Fix `Enumerator::Lazy` methods and `Enumerable#take_while` to pack multi-argument source yields like CRuby (0-arg yield → `nil`, 1-arg → value, multi-arg → `Array`) (#4310, @sampokuokkanen).

> * Adjust `File.{write,read,open}` to accept a path parameter in any encoding on darwin platform (#4082, @andrykonchin).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Adjust `File.{write,read,open}` to accept a path parameter in any encoding on macOS (#4082, @andrykonchin).
```
